README.rst, before:

Atlas
=====

There isn't a whole lot going on here yet.  The most recent updates will be in the `develop` branch.


What is Atlas?
--------------

Code for the Citizen Atlas and Story Base, a community storytelling site and tool.

For more information, see http://www.storybase.org/

On the shoulders of giants
--------------------------

This project includes a number of excellent open-source libraries:

* `The 1140px Grid V2 <http://cssgrid.net/>`_ by Andy Taylor
* `Backbone <http://documentcloud.github.com/backbone/>`_ by Jeremy Ashkenas, DocumentCloud
* `D3 <http://mbostock.github.com/d3/>`_ by Michael Bostock
* `Font Awesome <http://fortawesome.github.com/Font-Awesome/>`_ by Dave Gandy
* `Guiders.js <https://github.com/jeff-optimizely/Guiders-JS>`_ by Optimizely
* `Handlebars <http://handlebarsjs.com/>`_ by Yehuda Katz
* `HTML5 Boilerplate <http://html5boilerplate.com/>`_
* `jQuery <http://jquery.org/>`_ by John Resig
* `jQuery Cookie <https://github.com/carhartl/jquery-cookie/>`_ by Klaus Hartl
* `jQuery Condense Plugin <https://github.com/jsillitoe/jquery-condense-plugin>`_ by Joe Sillitoe
* `jQuery Jeditable <http://www.appelsiini.net/projects/jeditable>`_ by Mika Tuupola
* `jQuery Masonry <http://masonry.desandro.com/>`_ by David DeSandro
* `json2.js <https://github.com/douglascrockford/JSON-js/>`_ by Douglas Crockford
* `Formalize <http://formalize.me/>`_ by Nathan Smith
* `Leaflet <http://leaflet.cloudmade.com/>` by CloudMade, Vladimir Agafonkin 
* `LeafClusterer <https://github.com/ideak/leafclusterer/>`_ by Imre Deak
* `Modernizr <http://modernizr.com/>`_
* `Namespace.js <https://github.com/maximebf/Namespace.js>`_ by Maxime Bouroumeau-Fuseau
* `Normalize.css <http://github.com/necolas/normalize.css>`_ by Nicolas Gallagher and Jonathan Neal
* `Select2 <http://ivaynberg.github.com/select2/>`_ by Igor Vaynberg
* `SimpleModal <http://simplemodal.com>`_ by Eric Martin
* `Tooltipster <http://calebjacob.com/tooltipster/>`_ by Caleb Jacob
* `TinyMCE <http://tinymce.com/>`_ by Moxiecode Systems AB
* `Underscore <http://documentcloud.github.com/underscore/>`_ by Jeremy Ashkenas, DocumentCloud
* `WYSIHTML5 <http://xing.github.com/wysihtml5/>`_ by XING AG

Commit message:

Replace reference to Citizen Atlas in README

README.rst, after:

Floodlight
==========

What is Floodlight?
-------------------

This is the code base behind Floodlight, a powerful story-building website that enables community change makers to inspire action and advance their issues through more substantive, engaging and persuasive data-driven storytelling.

For more information, see http://www.floodlightproject.org/

On the shoulders of giants
--------------------------

This project includes a number of excellent open-source libraries:

* `The 1140px Grid V2 <http://cssgrid.net/>`_ by Andy Taylor
* `Backbone <http://documentcloud.github.com/backbone/>`_ by Jeremy Ashkenas, DocumentCloud
* `D3 <http://mbostock.github.com/d3/>`_ by Michael Bostock
* `Font Awesome <http://fortawesome.github.com/Font-Awesome/>`_ by Dave Gandy
* `Guiders.js <https://github.com/jeff-optimizely/Guiders-JS>`_ by Optimizely
* `Handlebars <http://handlebarsjs.com/>`_ by Yehuda Katz
* `HTML5 Boilerplate <http://html5boilerplate.com/>`_
* `jQuery <http://jquery.org/>`_ by John Resig
* `jQuery Cookie <https://github.com/carhartl/jquery-cookie/>`_ by Klaus Hartl
* `jQuery Condense Plugin <https://github.com/jsillitoe/jquery-condense-plugin>`_ by Joe Sillitoe
* `jQuery Jeditable <http://www.appelsiini.net/projects/jeditable>`_ by Mika Tuupola
* `jQuery Masonry <http://masonry.desandro.com/>`_ by David DeSandro
* `json2.js <https://github.com/douglascrockford/JSON-js/>`_ by Douglas Crockford
* `Formalize <http://formalize.me/>`_ by Nathan Smith
* `Leaflet <http://leaflet.cloudmade.com/>` by CloudMade, Vladimir Agafonkin 
* `LeafClusterer <https://github.com/ideak/leafclusterer/>`_ by Imre Deak
* `Modernizr <http://modernizr.com/>`_
* `Namespace.js <https://github.com/maximebf/Namespace.js>`_ by Maxime Bouroumeau-Fuseau
* `Normalize.css <http://github.com/necolas/normalize.css>`_ by Nicolas Gallagher and Jonathan Neal
* `Select2 <http://ivaynberg.github.com/select2/>`_ by Igor Vaynberg
* `SimpleModal <http://simplemodal.com>`_ by Eric Martin
* `Tooltipster <http://calebjacob.com/tooltipster/>`_ by Caleb Jacob
* `TinyMCE <http://tinymce.com/>`_ by Moxiecode Systems AB
* `Underscore <http://documentcloud.github.com/underscore/>`_ by Jeremy Ashkenas, DocumentCloud
* `WYSIHTML5 <http://xing.github.com/wysihtml5/>`_ by XING AG
