docs/upgrading.rst, before:

=========
Upgrading
=========

0.9.* to 0.10.0
===============

With version 0.10.0, the new Tastypie Authorization API is used, requiring
an upgrade to at least version 0.9.15 of Tastypie.  You'll need to 
upgrade Tastypie.  Assuming you're using pip, this looks like::

    pip install --upgrade django-tastypie

0.7 to 0.8
==========

With version 0.8, we started compressing and versioning our JavaScript and
CSS assets using Django Compressor.  You'll need to install this Django app
in your environment::

    pip install django-compressor

It also has some `dependencies <http://django_compressor.readthedocs.org/en/latest/quickstart/#dependencies>`_ which vary depending on how you
configure the app.  Namely, I needed to install BeautifulSoup to use the
``compressor.parser.LxmlParser`` parser::

    pip install "BeautifulSoup<4.0"

If you don't want to use Django Compressor, removing ``compress`` from the
``{% load %}`` statement and the ``{% compress %}`` block tags from these
templates will allow you to continue without Django Compressor: 

* storybase_story/explore_stories.html
* storybase_story/story_builder.html
* storybase_story/story_detail.html
* storybase_story/story_viewer.html
* base.html

You'll also need to remove ``compressor`` from the ``INSTALLED_APPS`` 
setting in your Django settings module.

0.5 to 0.6
==========

With version 0.6, a new Teaser model has been added to the Django CMS
integration.  In order to create the model schema in the database, run::

    manage.py migrate cmsplugin_storybase

0.4 to 0.5
==========

With version 0.5, the primary version of Django that we are supporting will
be Django 1.4.* and the primary version of Django CMS will be 2.3.*.

While we will try to maintain comaptibility with Django 1.3.1 and Django
CMS 2.2, we recommend that you should upgrade your versions of Django and
Django CMS.  

Version 0.5 also updates the dependency of django-notification to version
1.0 and this package should also be upgraded.

To ugprade the dependencies, use the following commands::

    pip install Django==1.4.3
    pip install django-mptt==0.5.2
    pip install django-reversion==1.6
    pip install django-sekizai==0.6.1
    pip install django-cms==2.3.5
    manage.py migrate cms
    pip install django-notification==1.0

Commit message:

Searchable help
Create a ``SearchIndex`` subclass for the ``Help`` model to include help
in the site search.

However, not all help should be indexed since some
of it only makes sense in context (e.g. inline help in the builder). Add a
``searchable`` flag field to the ``Help`` model to differentiate help that
should be included in the index.  In order to make this schema update,
the ``storybase_help`` app had to be initialized to be used with South.

Update the search results template to show the type of result (for now
either "Help" or "Story").

Add a detail view for help items so links in the search results go somewhere.

We want to recreate the existing help page, and allow the hand curation,
so the most straightforward way to do this is to create a custom Django
CMS Plugin that can be inserted in a CMS page region.

Addresses #507

docs/upgrading.rst, after:

=========
Upgrading
=========

0.10.* to 0.11
==============

This version also adds some changes to the ``Help`` model and we need to
use South to update the schema.  Since the ``storybase_help`` app wasn't
previously managed with South, you'll need to convert your installations
to use South for this app::

    ./manage.py migrate storybase_help 0001 --fake

Then you'll need to apply the schema migration::

    ./manage.py migrate storybase_help

There's also a new Django CMS Plugin, so you'll need to run schema a schema
migration for that as well::

    ./manage.py migrate cmsplugin_storybase

Finally, if you create any searchable help, you'll need to update the
search index::

    ./manage.py rebuild_index

0.9.* to 0.10.0
===============

With version 0.10.0, the new Tastypie Authorization API is used, requiring
an upgrade to at least version 0.9.15 of Tastypie.  You'll need to 
upgrade Tastypie.  Assuming you're using pip, this looks like::

    pip install --upgrade django-tastypie

0.7 to 0.8
==========

With version 0.8, we started compressing and versioning our JavaScript and
CSS assets using Django Compressor.  You'll need to install this Django app
in your environment::

    pip install django-compressor

It also has some `dependencies <http://django_compressor.readthedocs.org/en/latest/quickstart/#dependencies>`_ which vary depending on how you
configure the app.  Namely, I needed to install BeautifulSoup to use the
``compressor.parser.LxmlParser`` parser::

    pip install "BeautifulSoup<4.0"

If you don't want to use Django Compressor, removing ``compress`` from the
``{% load %}`` statement and the ``{% compress %}`` block tags from these
templates will allow you to continue without Django Compressor: 

* storybase_story/explore_stories.html
* storybase_story/story_builder.html
* storybase_story/story_detail.html
* storybase_story/story_viewer.html
* base.html

You'll also need to remove ``compressor`` from the ``INSTALLED_APPS`` 
setting in your Django settings module.

0.5 to 0.6
==========

With version 0.6, a new Teaser model has been added to the Django CMS
integration.  In order to create the model schema in the database, run::

    manage.py migrate cmsplugin_storybase

0.4 to 0.5
==========

With version 0.5, the primary version of Django that we are supporting will
be Django 1.4.* and the primary version of Django CMS will be 2.3.*.

While we will try to maintain comaptibility with Django 1.3.1 and Django
CMS 2.2, we recommend that you should upgrade your versions of Django and
Django CMS.  

Version 0.5 also updates the dependency of django-notification to version
1.0 and this package should also be upgraded.

To ugprade the dependencies, use the following commands::

    pip install Django==1.4.3
    pip install django-mptt==0.5.2
    pip install django-reversion==1.6
    pip install django-sekizai==0.6.1
    pip install django-cms==2.3.5
    manage.py migrate cms
    pip install django-notification==1.0
